[docs] Add link to publishing theme and update instructions with gatsby-theme keyword (#19246)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/submit-to-plugin-library.md

In order to add your plugin to the [Plugin Library](/plugins/), you need to:

> 1.  Publish a package to npm (learn how [here](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages)).

Reviewer: Might as well improve this link text while we're in there!
```suggestion
1.  Publish a package to npm (learn how on the [npm docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages)).
```
